How much longer we gonna sit?
Uh, I'm parking enough cash to
be heartbroken when we bust him.
That's some twisted shit.
The harder they fall, the worse it hurts.
Now how you gonna run shit
when you get transferred West Side?
Uh, I'm off then.
You tell Molly yet?
When the time's right.
Here we go.
Shit!
Damn it, this fuck is fast!
Stop! Police!
Just slow down, goddamn it!
You're some bullshit, man.
I've seen you before.
You got a keystone high?
What's it to you?
Another year or two.
This doesn't go down as a jiffy fuckup.
Empty pockets.
Empty goddamn pockets.
Aight, man.
Aight.
Is that everything?
You trying to Rob me or book me?
Stay off the corner.
I'll get you out there again.
You can take it personally.
Hang on, book him.
Nah, we'll go to the good.
Come on.
What's the problem we gonna
do with a couple hundred bucks?
Nah, I'm good.
You know that ain't me.
You know I hate these midday calls.
No high honey, love
of my life, happy to hear
your voice, or just cuff
straight to the chase?
You're right.
You can't force these things, Molly.
Whatever.
I'm not calling for a friendly check-in.
Trev got sent home again today.
Put him off.
He's not with me. Your dad picked him up.
Where'd he take him?
Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm.
Clean up your face.
You know, my father,
you consider you family.
You and your sons.
I know.
If anyone else would be as much money
as you do, I would have taken a night.
I'll get it to you tomorrow.
Crinkle?
What happened?
Nothing that can't be fixed.
Trev, you here?
What about did you just say?
I didn't want to leave your boy alone.
Yes, I'm going to tell me.
Give him a break.
I don't remember breaks being
a part of your parenting playbook.
How many times did I pull
you out of the principal's office?
A bloody, some poor sucker's nose.
Huh?
Let me see your hands.
Make a fist.
No.
Always comes on the outside.
I'll get a break.
Good.
Get your homework done.
How'd you get that shiner?
Buying time on a late
payment to Miss Ash Dunn.
You came here looking for a loan.
I can't stick you.
I don't need a loan. I need you.
I'm not interested in your scam.
You got gone.
It's not a scam.
Straight trade-off.
Things come to you straight up.
Turn crooked real quick.
Not this time. Just hear me out.
If you're not interested,
I'll get out of sight.
You got until I finish this
drink, then you're gone.
So talk.
I got a score plan for tonight.
Your brother was supposed to
be my backup, but he flaked again.
Easy money. Two hours tops.
We make a drop, pick up a payday.
It's so easy. Why don't you do it yourself?
It's a two-man job.
If I go in there alone, these
guys are gonna fleece me.
Two hundred large for two hours work.
We do a 50-50 split.
See, real money, not that chunky you
pick up on street corner shakedowns.
And if it goes wrong?
It won't.
Because you say so?
Because it's what I do.
It's all I know.
Time's up.
You used to be somebody.
Maybe you're too dumb to see it.
But I do.
Do yourself a favor.
Make a play.
Or you still got a shot
at something better.
You're starting to think
you weren't gonna show up.
Minor delay.
But we all good.
And what happened to
my little buddy Spencer?
The other boy is subbing in. This is Neil.
You got a problem with that?
No.
Come on in.
Let's get this going.
So, what do we got?
Four keys. Like we agreed.
Mm-hmm.
Mind if I have a little sample?
It's good.
We should be doing bigger business.
I got a lot of money coming
down the pipeline, man.
Introduce me to your supplier.
You can't do that.
I don't control the traffic
in this negative woods.
Best not to press your luck.
Okay.
Deal's a deal, right?
Deal's a deal.
Now, take him down.
What the fuck?
Hey, man, it's easy.
DEA, motherfuckers.
How'd you get that shiner?
Light time. Unrelate payment.
To miss ash done.
But you still got a shot
at something better.
Hey, Spencer. What's up, little bro?
You look good, man.
Did you?
Yeah, I wonder what you think.
I think either you boosted it,
or you scammed somebody
into high and used a chauffeur.
Nah, man.
Ash wants to ride.
She's got me one of the collection routes.
You don't pick up some ash done?
It's part-time gig till the
figure something else out, man.
Swear to me.
You always get me from her.
I look stupid.
You look strung out.
What? See?
Sure doesn't know.
What the fuck out of here, man?
Serious, man.
What the fuck does that mean, man?
An arm test?
I visited Pops the other day.
He's not holding up too well.
When the cancer spreads to his brain,
Doc says he only has a few months left.
Big matters were he's talking
about cooperating with the fence.
What?
He says he doesn't want to
spend his last days in a cell box.
He's gonna try to cut a
deal, give up some names.
Who else knows about this?
In town?
In just me.
Has he reached out to the Fed yet?
I don't know.
He got heated when I told
him to keep his mouth shut.
You gotta talk to him.
He'll listen to you. He owes you.
Is this the right way?
Ash is looking to get with me.
About what?
I don't know.
Tell me to bring you
in straight from county.
Neil.
How was your vacation in Fayette?
Two years too long.
I did the same stretch, remember?
At Mercer?
It took a while for my father.
Best two years I ever spent.
Not just for the
connections you make on the
inside, but the appreciation
you gain for freedom
and how quickly it can be taken away.
Please.
Sit.
I honestly thought you'd
be happier to see me.
A friendly face.
Someone who's had your
back since we were kids.
Just got a lot on my mind, that's all.
Yeah.
Have you ever wondered
how you got through two
years in that fucking
dungeon without scratch?
Like maybe you had a guardian
angel that made you untouchable.
Maybe it's that same guardian angel
that put shoes on your son's feet
and extra money on your wife's pocket.
Her wife?
She didn't tell you.
Yeah, she's been tending
bar three nights a week,
coming up in a year now.
By the way, I spoke to your P.O. last week.
And guess what?
She's gonna let me handle you
if you're a good boy and do what I say.
If you offer me a job, the answer's no.
Are there any other
prospects I'm unaware of?
They're hot market for ex-cop drug dealers?
Because from my point of view,
you're toxic to anyone but me.
I got a hundred thousand dollars in dead
money on my books from your old man.
And since he's indisposed indefinitely,
well, his dead passes
on to the next of kin.
The both of you.
Whatever you wish is between you and him.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I respect him serving his time in silence.
Smart move for your family.
But that doesn't mean I
can wipe the slate clean.
You could Rob a bank
and get squared with me with one score.
Or you can start on my clock.
A lot to digest.
Take the night. We'll talk tomorrow.
Wish me luck.
Good luck.
What's up, Papi?
Do it.
Guy, I can't tell you how
good it is to see your face
without a piece of plexiglass
between the two of us.
No, I thought we agreed you'd stay at
Spencer's until we figured things out.
I couldn't wait.
I'm sorry.
No.
Can I come in?
Just for a minute.
There's my big man.
Damn, boy, you filled out good.
Look at you.
Keeping up your grades?
He made honorable last semester.
Wow.
Brains of the family, just like Mom, right?
Aw, Shucks, look at you, man.
You started balling?
No, not really.
Aunt Ash gave me these for my birthday.
Aunt Ash.
She's been helping out,
filling in a few gaps
while you've been gone.
Yeah, I heard you were
working nights for her, too.
Just a couple of shifts a week.
Well, you can drop dead now that I'm back.
We need the money.
Take it from me.
But you don't have any.
I should get back to studying.
Do you see a future for us?
If I'd wanted to divorce you,
I would have served your
papers while you were locked up.
So...
What do I have to do?
For now, stay out of trouble.
Show me you can do that.
What is it to be here?
This place is a mess.
Couch is comfort in the
bed, but you can have either.
Couch is fine.
You want anything?
Get a... Want a... Want a beer?
Nah.
I'm just gonna...
crash if that's cool.
Yeah, man, of course.
Rest up, you know, get
you all set for tomorrow.
Back on your feet.
Hey, Spence.
Yeah.
Thanks for taking me in, man.
Of course, man.
It's your brother's offer.
Come on, man.
I'm going to get you.
I'm gonna need y'all
to step out of the truck.
I wasn't asking.
I don't know.
Should we open it?
I'll open it up.
We got him.
Told you.
All right, handsome.
Let's see what you got in there.
Oh!
Any problems?
Nah.
We killed it.
I might need you again on Sunday.
And him.
Of course.
Look at you, moving up in the world.
This one's for you, whether
or not you buy the batch.
What'd you eat this?
It fell into my lap.
I'm moving this on the street.
I should know who's looking for it.
All you need to decide is
whether the product is profitable.
If it is, you push it.
If it isn't, you pass.
Give her that back.
You know, your father would
have never done a deal like this.
Like what?
Born in second-hand heroin.
And where is he now?
I'm not here.
Right.
The way he did things bought him a bullet.
Leon, I'm expanding
on what my father built.
And I do this because
I'm better at it than you
or my father or anyone
else out there really.
So next time you're thinking
about questioning me,
don't put your foot in
your mouth because
I'm going to ram it
down your fucking throat.
I need to work with you.
Is there a problem?
My truck went missing yesterday.
Missing? Stolen?
We saw police using the shipment.
Well, I can try to make
some calls, track it down,
but odds are it's in
evidence, which means
you're better off moving
into the next load.
Any reason your man driving
the truck might have played you?
No.
Not a chance.
Then we'll Chuck it up to bad luck.
Good news is that I have
eyes in every corner in the city.
Something unholy went down.
It'll trickle to me.
And you guys will be the first to know.
Maybe next time, be more careful.
Why would we eat half honey?
I want order from her.
Dream's the same no matter
if it's handling the bottle.
Send her over.
What are you doing here?
What would it take for
you to leave right now?
What? This job?
This city.
And go where?
Anywhere but here.
With you?
The only reason I'm here
right now is because of you.
I wasn't sure I'd get to see you again.
You get out early.
Good behavior.
Your sentence was pennies compared to mine.
How's Molly traveling up?
Getting on without me.
You gonna talk to me or
you just come to sit and stare?
Spence told me looking
to cut a deal with effect.
Get your voice down.
I haven't talked to him yet.
I didn't reach out to that same
DEA fucker that busted us.
You do that and you're
putting all of our lives at risk.
Molly, Tram, nobody's
going to give shit to them.
The minute you roll, word only to
Ash that you're giving up names.
She'll grab hold of whatever
leverage she can find.
Spike will bench hasn't
done shit for me in here.
That's why you're rolling on her.
Dad.
Because she hasn't done shit for you.
Yeah, I'm breathing a borrowed time.
Two months tops.
I'm not gonna spend my last days.
in this fucking tomb.
So that's your plan?
You dish some dirt, then you're home free.
Let me give you some advice.
Because I've actually built a case before.
Cool.
You're stepping back into them shoes.
I've been through this with guys like you.
Guys looking to make a quick confession.
They get up before they get stung.
It doesn't happen.
You tell your story and then you stay put.
And then the case is airtight.
And then maybe, just maybe,
you'll get a glimpse of daylight.
But while you're behind
bars, you're a target.
And whatever protection they are
promising you, it won't be enough.
Someone will get to you.
I ain't going down like that.
I ain't going down without a fight.
How's the food?
Delicious as always.
Me staying safe out there?
You know it.
Fine too.
You feel safe.
I do when you're around.
Come on, that's what I like to hear.
Come back, Sam.
You know I will.
Call me back for your job back.
So they got you in rotation.
Strategic reassignment
is what they're calling it.
I said my skills were
better suited as a bricklayer.
I should have made detective by now.
It's tough to rise up the ranks when
your partner gets busted as dirty.
Doesn't exactly make me the
top candidate for a promotion.
Look, we were partners for eight years.
And I did a lot of things
to compromise both of us.
And that wasn't fair to you, Lass.
And to be honest, you're my best friend.
I'll do anything to make it right.
I just want to get better apologies.
You should try that on your wife.
It won't be that easy with her.
You don't owe me anything,
but I got to ask your favor.
The DEA agent that clipped
me, I need you to reach out.
Set up a meet.
What type of meet?
I'm not looking to settle any scores.
But he's got my dad on
the hook for a parole deal.
Graham's going to snitch?
On who?
Dash Dunn.
Fuck.
Hola.
Are you sitting down with my father?
Mmm.
He tells me he's got something
he wants to get off his chest.
I'll give you something better.
I've got to end with Dash Dunn.
What are you doing, mopping floors?
Because if you're killing
for her, I can't make a deal.
I mean, I could, but I won't.
I'm not FBI. I don't give a flying
fuck about the body she's dropped.
I don't care about what she's selling.
Well, that's what I'll give you.
I'll give you locations, identities of
every legal asset she's ever owned.
I'll serve you a career
case and a silver platter.
You know, all you got to
do is stay with my father.
You know, I had a CI embedded with her.
This guy was careful.
My guy never took any chances.
Three weeks in, he vanishes.
She sniffed him out.
I don't know how, but she did.
She'll do the same to you.
I don't care how safe you play.
I'm not playing it safe.
I'm playing to win.
I give you two days to give
me something legitimate on Ash.
And then I'm bleeding
your pop for all he's got.
These were my father's.
When I was a little girl, he told me that
everything I needed to know about life,
I could learn from this plant.
So he gave me one.
Told me to try to kill it.
And I neglected it,
bleached it, kept it in the dark,
and he refused to die.
And I realized he was right,
that the elements of its
survival were internalized,
immune to outside influences.
But the one thing it needed was inside it.
See, you, you've created an existence
dependent on the fate of others.
Your father, brother, son, wife.
These connections compromise you.
They make you vulnerable.
Which is why you need people
like me to protect your interests.
I'm going to work for
you, clean my father's debt.
What was this done?
You let Molly walk away.
That's what she wants?
That's what I want.
You do that, and I'm yours.
Deal.
The fuck's going on?
Fat ass waddles into my
joint telling me I got to shut
it down for the day, costing
me a ton of fucking cash.
And when I don't earn, you don't earn.
So if we're going to be partners,
I can't have Shrek micromanaging
me all the fucking time.
Anything else you want
to get off your chest?
Yeah. What's the problem?
Don't tell me you're trying
to renegotiate the split.
I bust my ass every fucking day,
so you can send your goons in once
a week to pick up a fucking envelope.
Now it's going to come to an end.
Good. I'm glad.
Have you been fucking me?
Yes, or no?
Holy fucker.
I hear you've been fucking
me in broad daylight,
scamming side bets to
screw me out of a fair share.
No, I haven't fucked you.
The longer you deny, the worse it gets.
Oh, okay.
It's just twice.
A couple guys with a lot of talent.
I swear to God, I'll pay you back.
I won't hit one again. I got money.
Finish him.
Ash, I got money in the fucking car.
Come on, Neil.
Finish him.
Neil, don't fucking talk.
This is the only way you gave my trust.
Do it for your wife and son.
Fuck!
Seriously?
The shoulder?
I'm not killing that unarmed man.
Maybe you're not, but
you're still going to Bury him.
No, I'm not.
Ash, come on.
What the fuck are you doing, Spence? Neil!
No, you don't have to stay!
I just put the cream on!
You're doing that shit,
you're gonna do it just like that.
You're the dead piece of silk, Mark.
Is that what you want?
No! Is that what you know?
Say you're off.
I was clean! Three months!
Your man just slipped up in the set.
Fuck!
I'm leaving.
For what?
I gotta run and pick up some ash.
Give me the keys. I'm coming with you.
Give me the goddamn shoes.
One, two, three, shit!
Tax man, back again.
I know this motherfucker.
Yo, kid!
Who's the cop?
Rip me on the corner a few years back.
Look, he's not even police anymore.
He got fired.
He did his last two years of
my failure for a drug charge.
That right?
I paroled last week.
And watched you flip sides?
Had no choice.
I hear different.
Coming out for both of y'all.
You understand?
Get the fuck out of my shot!
Where's the drama?
Straight to ash.
You know where she stores it?
She'll tell me.
Stash house?
Probably.
Why are you gonna Rob her?
Where to next?
Didn't I pay you a few weeks ago?
It's last month's dues.
Tell your boss.
I'll pay her at the docks.
Sunday.
If that's a problem, she can come
down here and see me herself.
Go ahead.
Take one in back.
I'll give you first time discount.
Maybe another time.
We can't go to Ash's short on account.
He said he'd pay Sunday.
It's not gonna fly with her.
But that means she's
moving away this weekend.
You know you shouldn't be asking.
Ash wants you to know, you know.
Spencer, you're still hiring that shit.
You're overreacting.
Give me the money.
What are you gonna do?
Just give me the money.
Get us out of this fucking mess.
That's what I'm gonna do.
Hey, I need to borrow your car.
I don't understand.
Did you go home right now, all right?
Really?
Don't answer the phone or the door.
Why?
We're talking to anybody but me.
Whoa, what are you talking about?
I need you to stay clean, all right?
The fuck are you talking about?
I need you shot for the next 48 hours.
What's happening in the 48 hours?
Listen, listen, listen, Spencer.
I'm gonna come for you
in a time's right, I promise.
Be ready to leave.
Yeah, what the fuck is going on?
You hear me? Come on, let's go.
Trust me, let's go.
Fuck.
Hey.
I thought you'd swing by.
What are you doing here?
Oh, I brought lunch.
Give Molly a break.
Checking on your butt?
Are you hungry?
Okay, if this stranger joins us.
I didn't know you were stopping by.
I was supposed to be surprised,
but I guess I got beat to the punch.
I was just telling Molly how much
you've changed since you got out.
I barely recognized you anymore.
I'm working on being a better me every day.
Well, that's good.
Any job leads?
He's been helping me out
with a few odds and ends.
All about board.
Something to get by until he
finds a more permanent position.
We can't thank you
enough for all of your help.
I don't know how we
would've survived without you.
And the lunch was gonna be PB&J
today until you bought this food.
You can't have my favorite
growing boy eating scraps.
Gotta put meat on those bones so he
can go big and strong, like his daddy.
Right?
Right.
I've been meaning to ask you.
Neither of you talked to Graham recently?
It's been like two years from now.
What about you, Neil?
He's not much into talking these days.
It's not what I hear.
I hear his mouth's been working overtime.
News to me.
Sorry, this is work.
Hey.
How did it go with our friend?
You were right.
The old man's in here with the DEA.
Well, that's disappointing.
I was hoping things
would turn out differently.
A little mixed up I need to handle.
I'm gonna have to leave
you guys to enjoy your meal.
I hope you like it.
Can I get a man with you outside?
Sure.
Yes, ma'am.
I wanna give you a heads up.
We were about to rush in.
You wouldn't give up your cut.
Did he say why?
He said he settled with his Sunday.
Something about the docks.
If you want me to come his
back up, just say when and where.
So eager to help all of a sudden.
It's for them.
It's all for them.
Well, we'll enjoy your family.
When he leaves, tell him.
You gave this guy a long leash.
Let me kill him.
I wanna know who he's talking to.
What about the brother?
How about friends in the FBI pay a visit?
Okay.
Trapp, buddy.
I need you to go to your room and
I need you to pack a sleepover bag.
Neil, you have no right to come in here.
Trapp, just do this one
thing for me, please.
I am talking to you.
You cannot do this.
You cannot come and turn his life away.
I'm cooperating with the DEA.
We're building the case against Ash.
They're gonna relocate us.
New names.
New house.
Everything.
Then why aren't they here right now?
They want me to give them
something on her before they bring us in.
You don't have a deal with them.
No, no, not yet, but I will, okay?
This?
This is your master plan to win us facts,
gamble with our lives, and
force us out of our home?
You can't keep going like this.
I have been doing fine without you.
You've been scraping by, getting
handouts from a homicidal maniac.
Ash would never do anything to hurt us.
I saw her beat a guy
within an inch of his life.
This slit his throat
with a smile on her face.
You've only seen the half of it.
The side she wants you to see.
The other side is a monster.
If she finds out what I'm doing,
she's coming after all of us.
Listen, there's enough
here to get you started.
Okay, stop.
Just take it.
I know I want your money.
It was never about the money.
I just wanted, I just wanted you.
Four broke, it didn't matter.
We just needed you here.
Please still do.
I'm sorry.
There was a time when I
thought we'd both end up here.
It seemed inevitable.
I heard you're still trying
to shake down my father.
I always like to hedge my bets.
Like I said before, you gotta
bring me something legit.
I got a hot tip on Ash done.
Look man, I really need you to give
me and my family witness protection.
Her lessons in mentality
compromised my judgment.
Growing up, we were like family.
But it was my mistake.
Letting you live.
Delaying what I should have done years ago.
I know about your deal with the feds.
And I'm gonna Bury
your entire fucking family.
Your boys, your grandson, his mother.
There'll be no trace
of your bloodline left.
Holy shit!
We ain't got no other man.
We only got five men.
If you don't get it now,
homie, you won't get it now.
Look, me, my anabetho, she
been praying for what needs.
Pray so long her knees started to bleed.
Real out here are six
bullets for any reason.
Spicy like them dumb boys
trying to change the seasons.
Truth is, I got a lead or I got a lead.
That's the only option
that we can't believe.
Just to get some emotion
that we can breathe.
Hey, cuz I'm suffocating someone with me.
Eh?
Took a smile, I'm coming for my share.
Somethin' bout this like this, I ran.
Girl, I just want a grave.
Suffocating someone with me.
Somethin' bout this like this, I ran.
Fairness.
Took a smile, I'm coming for my share.
Come on.
Hold back.
Neil, we're at the hotel.
I lost her.
You lost who?
Spence.
Tell me where you are and
we'll come get you right now.
Gee, Adam killed enough.
I fucking let it happen.
Okay, well what about the DEA?
What about your deal with the DEA?
That deal's dead.
She got to him too.
There must be someone who can help.
What the fuck was that?
I want you to take my money.
We'll just drive.
You know, when you were,
um, when you were gone,
for those two years, there
were times I thought of.
picking up and leaving of taking
Trev and starting over somewhere new.
I even thought about it
this morning, but I didn't.
I couldn't.
And you know why?
Because you belong with us, Neil.
We're in this together and
I don't care what it takes
and I don't care what mistakes
you made, but don't forget about us.
Where's the blow from?
Look, I don't know what
you got yourself into,
but I know you can't
get out on your own.
We got good people in the major case squad.
Honest cops.
Let me reach out.
No.
Someone dirty will catch a whiff.
Let this day's secret inside
those walls, you know that.
What I know is you don't
stand a chance of walking
away from this without
the law on your side.
There are no sides.
Can't you see that?
She's got everybody in her pocket.
Why don't you just go?
Hit the road, you, Molly, Trev.
And let's leave you one
hour and for the rest of my life.
Where are they now?
Up north.
Twin lakes, valley end.
Can you go up there?
Keep an eye out.
I have to go finish what she started.
Sally.
I have something for you.
So?
There's an informant in your crew.
You and Sean talk in the fire bowl.
They follow the cruiser to a motel
where they're hiding his family.
Now, I know you're
taking from the Russians.
That's your big play.
And for this info, I want
their next shipment.
Like before.
Free of charge.
Here.
Be solid.
Which motel?
How are we gonna get something to eat?
We're gonna sell a vending
machine on the other side.
Can I come with you?
I won't let him out of my sight.
I promise.
Some chips?
Now, can I have a coat?
No coat?
Absolutely.
You little shaker!
Wake up!
Fuck off.
No!
Where the fuck is he?
He's gonna fuck himself right now.
Go to hell.
I probably will.
Molly, we got company.
Kill them.
Coming in.
Drop your weapon.
Drop it!
Fuck!
I'm FBI.
You can't kill me.
Fuck you.
She's conscious and stable for right now.
I'm sorry.
I stepped out for a
minute when I came back.
You were right. There are no sides.
Look, man.
Whatever you need,
I got you.
I'll come with, back you up.
Just keep my boy safe.
If you've come here to
shylock money for your boss...
You're gonna pay the
price one way or another?
Money?
Or blood?
Is there a threat?
It's a reality.
And I don't run errands
for Ash Dunn anymore.
So you've came here to beg for a job?
I came here to negotiate a sale.
You can buy me.
And what would my investment in you yield?
Money or blood?
Both.
Who's blood?
You know who.
The same person is gonna try and
steal your shipment again tonight.
I'm not shy of me.
I'm not shy of you.
How well?
Ash, thank you for coming and
helping ensure the safety of my shipment.
Load them up.
Everything's in order?
In our payment?
I could give you the money.
I have something else
that might interest you more.
One of your men came to me today.
He offered me to kill you
in exchange for money.
And I am offering him to you.
In return, I'll owe you
nothing from now on.
Do we have a deal?
Where is he?
Waiting for you at your
warehouse, shall we?
We shall.
What?
This bitch trying to back out.
She killed the deal?
Nah.
Mm, Michelle, what's up?
We gonna hook.
Let's roll.
He's here?
Played up in the truck.
The fuck didn't you say
so back at the docks?
Too much noise is no good for business.
Here you can do whatever you want with him.
He's yours.
Take him.
I got this.
Deal zone!
You wanna play?
Let's do it.
Come on.
You're hit!
Just the scratch.
It's a lot of blood, but just the scratch.
Where you about a car?
I don't know what to say, man.
What's this?
Call it in.
Go get your career back.
You'll understand it when you see it.
Where should we go?
Home.